Add support for externalIds property on the MapsIndoorsMap component (#121)
MapsPeople/web-ui: packages/map-template/README.md

|`venue`|`string`|The Venue to load from your MapsIndoors Solution. |
|`locationId`|`string`|Set a MapsIndoors Location ID to show it on the map and its details in the sheet. |
|`primaryColor`|`string`|The primary color to use throughout the app. |
|`logo`|`string`|The logo to show during initial load. |

> |`appUserRoles`|`array`|Array of app user roles which can restrict/enable different features. |

Reviewer: Isn't it an array of app user role names that need to be provided? Not just app user role objects.

```suggestion
|`appUserRoles`|`array`|Array of app user role names which can restrict/enable different Locations on the map. |
```
